docs/index.md, before:

## Welcome!

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

- :hammer_pick:{ .lg .middle } [__Cheatsheets__](/blog/category/cheatsheet/) jq, aws and oc.
- :test_tube:{ .lg .middle } [__Labs__](/blog/category/labs/) Deployments, experiments.
- :simple-prometheus:{ .prometheus .lg .middle } [__Monitoring__](/blog/category/monitoring/) PromQL expressions.
- :fontawesome-solid-network-wired:{ .lg .middle } __Networking__ TBD 
- :fontawesome-brands-aws:{ .aws .lg .middle } __ROSA__ TBD 

</div>
<div class="grid cards" markdown>
-   :rocket:{ .lg .middle } __About Me__

    ---

    ![Hevellyn Gomes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ehvs/notes/main/images/hevs-180x250.jpg){ align=left }

    This page will be an eternal work in progress with troubleshooting steps/commands and from time to time some labs. 🧵 Working for the last 7 years with OpenShift, since Ansible days (v3.7) and now currently inserted in the Cloud world with Azure :simple-microsoftazure:{ .azure } and AWS :simple-amazonaws:{ .aws } with OpenShift managed offers.

    :simple-linkedin:{ .linkedin } [Find me](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hevellyngomes/)

</div>
!!! warning "Disclaimer"

    These notes are my own comprehension and lessons learned.
    Does **not** represent Red Hat, nor replaces official documentation.

Commit message:

new post gitlab-operator and other fixes

docs/index.md, after:

---
hide:
  - toc
---
## Welcome! This blog aims to be an eternal WIP 🚀


???+ tip

    New labs with Helm and Gitlab Operator, click [here](blog/category/labs/)!

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

- :hammer_pick:{ .lg .middle } [__Cheatsheets__](/blog/category/cheatsheet/) jq, aws and oc.
- :test_tube:{ .lg .middle } [__Labs__](/blog/category/labs/) Deployments, experiments.
- :simple-prometheus:{ .prometheus .lg .middle } [__Monitoring__](/blog/category/monitoring/) PromQL expressions.
- :fontawesome-solid-network-wired:{ .lg .middle } __Networking__ TBD 
- :fontawesome-brands-aws:{ .aws .lg .middle } __ROSA__ TBD 

</div>
<div class="grid cards" markdown>
-   :rocket:{ .lg .middle } __About Me__

    ---

    ![Hevellyn Gomes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ehvs/notes/main/images/hevs-180x250.jpg){ align=left }

    Passionated with DevOps, specialized in the Observability stack (Prometheus, Elastic Search, Loki, Grafana). While learning and playing around with GO, Python, and developer tools.
    Working for the last 7 years with OpenShift, since Ansible days and now currently inserted in the Cloud world with Azure :simple-microsoftazure:{ .azure } and AWS :simple-amazonaws:{ .aws }.

    :simple-linkedin:{ .linkedin } [Find me](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hevellyngomes/)

</div>
!!! warning "Disclaimer"

    These notes are my own comprehension and lessons learned.
    Does **not** represent Red Hat, nor replaces official documentation.
